{\rtf1\mac\deff2

{\fonttbl{\f20\froman Times;}{\f22\fmodern Courier;}}

{\stylesheet{\s245 \fs18\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote
reference;}{\s246 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext246 footnote
text;}{\sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}}

\widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd
\sbknone\linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere

\pard\plain {\fs18\up6 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 # }DRAWDEMOHELPintro}
${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $ }{\f20 Introduction to the Draw Demos}}}
{\f20\fs28 Introduction to the Draw Demos}{\f20\up6
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdrawres}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdraw}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdraw}}\par

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 The draw demos are designed to show off some of what can
be done with the Drawing Manager in Galaxy. The drawing routines
between the two list programs are the same; the only difference is
behind the scenes in the handling of the dialogs: \par }

\pard \par

\pard \li900 {\f20\uldb vdraw}{\v\f20 DRAWDEMOHELPsource}{\f20  creates
the dialog on the fly with API calls and manually moves things around
to do resizing (hence no min size).\par }

\pard \li900 \par

\pard \li900 {\f20\uldb vdrawres}{\v\f20 DRAWDEMOHELPsource}{\f20 , on
the other hand, loads its dialog from a resource file (}{\f22
vdrawres.vr}{\f20 ), and has springs and struts defined in it to
handle resizing as needed.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 When you launch either of the draw demos you are presented
with a dialog that contains a drawing area and a collection of
buttons, menus, and text fields. The buttons, menus, an d text fields
are used to control what and how the list demo is drawing. The drawing
area is the large area above the copyright notice.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\fs18\up6 \page 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 # }DRAWDEMOHELPDrawDemo}
${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $ }Controls for the Draw Demo}}
{\f20\fs28 Controls for the Draw Demo}{\fs18\up6 
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }drawdemo}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdraw}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdrawres}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }controls}}\par

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 The controls of the draw demo program let you see some of
the features of the Galaxy Drawing Manager.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\fs18\up6 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 # }DrawDemoCloseBtn}}
{\f20\fs28 Close Button}{\fs18\up6 
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }drawdemo}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdraw}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdrawres}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }controls}}\par

\pard {\f20 \par This quits the draw demo.\par \par }

\pard {\fs18\up6 \page 
#{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 # }DRAWDEMOHELPsource}
${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 $ }About the Source for the Draw Demos}}

{\f20\fs28 About the Source for the Draw Demos}

{\fs18\up6 
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }drawdemo}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdraw}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }vdrawres}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \fs20 {\fs18\up6 K }source}}\par

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 The draw demos are basically complete; the only change
that might be made is to cache the last drawing to improve
refreshes.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f22\fs28 drawdemo.h}\par

\pard {\f20 \par 
This is the header file for both draw demos.\par 
\par }

\pard {\f22\fs28 drawboth.c}{\f20\fs28 \par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 This holds the common routines for the draw demos. This
has most of the guts since they are the same between the two
demos.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f22\fs28 drawdemo.c\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 This holds the vdraw-specific routines in it. This has the
load procedure that takes care of creating the dialog from scratch, as
well as the notify procedures that resize the window.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f22\fs28 vdrawres.c}\par

\pard \par

\pard {\f20 This holds the vdrawres-specific routines in it. This is
just the load routine that takes care of fetching the resource for the
dialog.\par }

\pard \par

\pard {\f22\fs28 vdrawres.hs\par }

\pard {\f20 \par This is the help file for the draw demos (what you
are now reading). \par \par }

\pard \fi-900\li900 {\b\i\f20 NOTE}{\f20 :\tab vdraw will not use this
help file without a lot of code added to it since most of the work for
help is done in resources.\par }

\pard \par
}