{\rtf1\mac\deff2 {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Chicago;}{\f2\froman New York;}{\f3\fswiss Geneva;}{\f4\fmodern Monaco;}{\f13\fnil Zapf Dingbats;}{\f14\fnil Bookman;}{\f15\fnil N Helvetica Narrow;}{\f16\fnil Palatino;}{\f18\fnil Zapf Chancery;}{\f20\froman Times;}
{\f21\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f22\fmodern Courier;}{\f23\ftech Symbol;}{\f31\fnil Optima;}{\f33\fnil Avant Garde;}{\f34\fnil New Century Schlbk;}{\f167\fnil B Optima Bold;}{\f1000\fnil VisixCharacters;}{\f2515\fnil MT Extra;}{\f2543\fnil Galaxy;}
{\f14831\fnil XBO Futura ExtraBoldOblique;}{\f14832\fnil XB Futura ExtraBold;}{\f14833\fnil HO Futura HeavyOblique;}{\f14834\fnil H Futura Heavy;}{\f14835\fnil O Futura Oblique;}{\f14836\fnil Futura;}{\f14855\fnil BI 2Stone Sans BoldItalic;}
{\f14856\fnil B 2Stone Sans Bold;}{\f14857\fnil SbI 2Stone Sans SemibdItal;}{\f14858\fnil Sb 2Stone Sans Semibold;}{\f14859\fnil I 2Stone Sans Italic;}{\f14860\fnil 2Stone Sans;}{\f14861\fnil BI 1Stone Serif BoldItalic;}{\f14862\fnil B 1Stone Serif Bold;}
{\f14863\fnil SbI 1Stone Serif SemibdItal;}{\f14864\fnil Sb 1Stone Serif Semibold;}{\f14865\fnil I 1Stone Serif Italic;}{\f14866\fnil 1Stone Serif;}{\f14896\fnil Brush Script;}{\f14988\fnil BI Garamond BoldItalic;}{\f14989\fnil B Garamond Bold;}
{\f14990\fnil I Garamond LightItalic;}{\f14991\fnil Garamond;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\s245 \f20\fs18\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s246 \f20\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext246 footnote text;}{\f20\fs28 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\title Draw Demo Help}{\subject Help file for drdemo}{\author Rambler}}
\margl1440\margr1440\facingp\widowctrl\ftnbj\fracwidth\margmirror \sectd \sbknone\linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere \pard\plain \f20\fs28 {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemo}}{\f14858\fs36  }{\fs18\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Introduction to Draw Demos}}{\f14858\fs36  }{\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Introduction}}{\f14858\fs36  }{\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:000}
}{\f14858\fs36  }{\f21\fs36 Introduction to Draw Demos}{\f14858\fs36 \par 
}\par 
The draw demos are designed to show off some of what can be done with the Drawing Manager in Galaxy. The drawing routines between the two list programs are the same, the only difference is behind the scenes in the handling of the dialog
s. vdraw creates the dialog on the fly with API calls and it manually moves things around to do resizing (hence no min size). vdrawres, on the other hand, loads its dialog from a resource file (vdrawres.vr), and has springs and struts defined in it to hand
le resizing as needed.\par 
\par 
When you launch either of the draw demos you are presented with a dialog that contains a drawing area and a collection of buttons, menus, and text fields. The buttons, menus, and text fields are used to control what and how the list
 demo is drawing. The drawing area is the large area above the copyright notice.\par 
\par 
{\fs18\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} Controls} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Controls} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Controls for the Draw Demo} +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:005} }{\b\f21 Controls for the Draw Demo}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
The controls of the draw demo program let you see some of the features of the Galaxy Drawing Manager.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoDedicated} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Fastest;Checkbox} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Fastest Checkbox} +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:010} }{\b\f21 Fastest Checkbox}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This changes how the draw demo does its drawing. When turned on, in each pass through the drawing cycle, it will draw all of the obj
ects; when off, it will only draw one object on each pass. This makes a difference in when clicks are checked to interrupt it.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoDrawOnce} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Once Checkbox} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Once;Checkbox} +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:015} }{\b\f21 Once Checkbox}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This causes the draw demo to automatically stop once it has drawn the specified number of objects; otherwise, it clears the draw area and starts again.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoMonochrome} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Monochrome Checkbox} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Monochrome;Checkbox} +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:020} }{\b\f21 Monochrome Checkbox}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This causes the demo to draw in only black and white instead of picking random colors. (Color is dithered on 1-bit displays.)\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoXorColors} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} X-or Colors Checkbox} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} xor;Checkbox} +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:025} }{\b\f21 X-or Colors Checkbox\par 
}\par 
This causes the demo to X-or the colors into the drawing area instead of just drawing the object in its current color.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoDashed}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Dashed Checkbox}} {\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Dashed;Checkbox}} {
\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:030}} {\b\f21 Dashed Checkbox}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This causes any lines drawn in the drawing area to be done in the predefined dash patterns.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoObjectType}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Object Type Menu}} {\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} menu}} {
\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:035}} {\b\f21 Object Type Menu}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This allows you to select the type of object that the draw demo draws into the draw area.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoFillType}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Fill Type Menu}} {\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} menu}} {\fs18\up6 
+{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:040}} {\b\f21 Fill Type Menu}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This controls how the objects are drawn, whether they are filled and/or bordered. (See the sections in the Galaxy Documentation on fill and clip methods.)\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoLineCap}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Line Caps Menu}} {\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} menu}} {\fs18\up6 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:045}} {\b\f21 Line Caps Menu}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This controls how the line ends are drawn. This affects the ends of single line segments (see vdrawSetLineCap in the Galaxy documentation).\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoLineJoin}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Line Joints Menu}} {\fs18\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} menu}} {
\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:050}} {\b\f21 Line Joints Menu}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This controls how the ends of the lines meet. So see what these seeings do, set the line width to 20, and then let the demo draw lines in outline only (see vdrawSetLineJoint in the Galaxy documentation).\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoObjectCount}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Number of Objects Item}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +}
 main:055}} {\b\f21 Number of Objects Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This specifies how many objects to draw on each pass before clearing the draw area.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoRotateAngle}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Rotation Angle Item}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:060}}
 {\b\f21 Rotation Angle Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
The number of degrees to rotate the drawing area. The rotation is from the bottom left corner of the draw area. Anything more than 90 will rotate out of the draw area, until things are rotated enought to move them back into view ( >270 ).\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoScaleX}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:065}} {\b\f21 Scale X Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This the the horizontal scale to zoom in on the drawing. Again, the origin is in the bottom left corner, and too large a scale can move things out of view. Too small a scale turns everything into a dot.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoScaleY}} {\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} The Y Scale}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:070}} {\b\f21 
Scale Y Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This is the vertical scale to zoom in on the drawing. Again, the origin is in the bottom left corner, and too large a scale can move things out of view. Too small a scale turns everything into a dot.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoFlatness}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:075}} {\b\f21 Flatness Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This effects the tolerance used to draw curves (they are actually done as line segments). Smaller numbers mean smoother curves, but more segments (see vdrawSetFlat in the Galaxy documentation).\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoLineWidth}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:080}} {\b\f21 Line Width Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This is the width that the lines are drawn; it affects the outlines of the object that are being drawn.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoMiterLimit}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:085}} {\b\f21 Miter Limit Item}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This controls the amount of a miter that is allowed for a line joints (see vdrawSetMiterLimit in the Galaxy documentation).\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoStartBtn}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:090}} {\b\f21 Start Button}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This starts the draw demo again once it has been stopped to allow you to set some of its controls. You can stop it by clicking in its window.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoFontBtn}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:100}} {\b\f21 Font Button}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This brings up the font chooser so you can set the font that the demo uses when drawing text in the draw area.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} DrawDemoCloseBtn}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:105}} {\b\f21 Close Button}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This quits the draw demo.\par 
\par 
\page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} About}} {\fs18\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:110}} {\b\f21 About the Source for the Draw Demos}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
The draw demos are basically complete; the only change that might be made is to cache the last drawing to improve refreshes.\par 
\par 
{\f22 drawdemo.h\par 
}\par 
This is the header file for both draw demos.\par 
\par 
\par 
{\f22 drawboth.c\par 
}\par 
This holds the common routines for the draw demos. This has most of the guts since they are the same between the two demos.\par 
\par 
\par 
{\f22 drawdemo.c\par 
}\par 
This holds the vdraw specific routines. This has the load procedure that takes care of creating the dialog from scratch, as well as the notify procedures that resize the window.\par 
\par 
\par 
{\f22 vdrawres.c\par 
}\par 
This holds the vdrawres specific routines. This is just the load routine that fetches the resource for the dialog.\par 
\par 
{\f22 vdraw.text\par 
}\par 
This is the help file for the draw demos (what you are now reading). vdraw will not use this help file without a lot of code added to it since most of the work for help is done in resources.\par 
\par 
\par 
{\fs18\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} Addendum} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} AAddendum to Draw Demo} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Addendum} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 
\f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:115} }{\b\f21\fs36 Addendum to Draw Demos}{\f14858\fs36 \par 
}\par 
This is a second test file to try out linking files in compiling help.\par 
\par 
{\fs18\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 #} Additional} ${\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 $} Additional Draw Demo} K{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 \f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 K} Additional} +{\footnote \pard\plain \s246 
\f20\fs20 {\fs18\up6 +} main:120} }{\b\f21 Additional Draw Demo}{\f14858 \par 
}\par 
This paragraph says nothing, but can be use d to get you to text on the {\strike Fastest Checkbox }{\v DrawDemoDedicated}.\par 
\par 
}